filled instructor-holes (#6)
jbpoline/computational-neuro-week1: neuro-data-science.md

### Lunch: 1 hour

### Containers

> #### 3 hours, Liza Levitis, Agha Karakuzu (Backup: Thomas Funck)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 3 hours, Liza Levitis, Agah Karakuzu (Backup: Thomas Funck)
```

### Lunch: 1 hour

> ### 3 hours reserved for External: Luke Chang/Eshin Jolly (would be great). (Backup: Felix Faure-Lacroix) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3 hours reserved for External: Luke Chang/Eshin Jolly (would be great). (Backup: Felix-Antoine Fortin) 
```
